Next up, we're looking at the tenderloins.
So the tenderloins sit here on either
side of the spine, it's down the middle.
The interesting thing about
the tenderloins is a lot of times
when we talk about the tenderloin,
we talk about the head of the tenderloin
and the tail of the tenderloin.
This is the tail of the tenderloin here.
It's actually closest
to the head of the animal.
Now, the head of the Tenderloin
is actually buried inside of this
leg muscle, a little bit closer
to the tail of the animal
to get in there,
I'm first going to clean this up
so that I can show it to you
a little better.
So that hipbone is actually here
and comes across.
Up to a point here, you'll start to see it
as I work through this,
so I'm going to go right down the middle.
So down
the middle of the spine is my first cut.
It's my non-knife hand, you'll notice
that I've been freeing up this meat
so that I don't waste any,
and I'm just kind of following along here.
If you look at my knife cuts,
they're long but precise,
so I know where I'm going.
Now this is where it starts
to turn a corner here. So.
That's that belly piece.
And right, and here's where...
Just going to keep kind
of peeling this part back
following the line.
Now, this kind of butchery
that we're doing
is called seam and joint butchery.
So going through
and following the natural seam
between these muscles
to remove that tenderloin.
So as I mentioned
following that seam right.
Nice and easy.
So here is that tenderloin.